DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# 🚀 Deployment Guide - Terminal Pro

This guide will help you deploy your Terminal Pro trading platform for **FREE** using various hosting platforms.

---

## ✅ **Recommended: Vercel (Easiest & Free)**

### Method 1: Deploy via GitHub (No CLI Required)

1. **Push your code to GitHub** (if not already done)
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Ready for deployment"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Go to Vercel**
   - Visit: https://vercel.com
   - Click "Sign Up" (use your GitHub account)

3. **Import Your Repository**
   - Click "Add New" → "Project"
   - Import your `1207` repository
   - Vercel will auto-detect Vite configuration

4. **Deploy**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Wait ~2 minutes
   - Your app will be live! 🎉

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project-name.vercel.app`

---

### Method 2: Deploy via CLI (From Your Local Machine)

```bash
# Install Vercel CLI
npm install -g vercel

# Login to Vercel
vercel login

# Deploy (from project root)
cd /path/to/1207
vercel

# Follow the prompts:
# - Set up and deploy? Yes
# - Which scope? (Select your account)
# - Link to existing project? No
# - What's your project's name? terminal-pro (or any name)
# - In which directory is your code located? ./
# - Want to modify settings? No

# For production deployment
vercel --prod
```

---

## 🌐 **Alternative: Netlify (Also Free)**

### Via GitHub Integration

1. **Go to Netlify**
   - Visit: https://netlify.com
   - Sign up with GitHub

2. **New Site from Git**
   - Click "Add new site" → "Import an existing project"
   - Choose GitHub → Select your repository

3. **Build Settings**
   - Build command: `npm run build`
   - Publish directory: `dist`
   - Click "Deploy"

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project-name.netlify.app`

### Via CLI

```bash
# Install Netlify CLI
npm install -g netlify-cli

# Login
netlify login

# Deploy
netlify deploy

# Production deploy
netlify deploy --prod
```

---

## 📄 **Alternative: GitHub Pages (100% Free)**

1. **Add deployment script to package.json:**
   ```json
   {
     "scripts": {
       "deploy": "gh-pages -d dist"
     },
     "homepage": "https://yourusername.github.io/1207"
   }
   ```

2. **Install gh-pages:**
   ```bash
   npm install -D gh-pages
   ```

3. **Build and deploy:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   npm run deploy
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings → Pages
   - Source: Deploy from branch `gh-pages`
   - Save

**Your app will be at:** `https://yourusername.github.io/1207`

---

## ⚡ **Alternative: Cloudflare Pages (Free, Fastest CDN)**

1. **Go to Cloudflare Pages**
   - Visit: https://pages.cloudflare.com
   - Sign up and connect GitHub

2. **Create Project**
   - Select your repository
   - Build settings:
     - Build command: `npm run build`
     - Build output: `dist`
   - Deploy

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project.pages.dev`

---

## 🔧 **Important Configuration**

Your project is already configured with:
- ✅ `vercel.json` - Vercel configuration
- ✅ `dist/` output directory
- ✅ SPA routing support (all routes redirect to index.html)
- ✅ Mobile responsive design
- ✅ Production build optimizations

---

## 🐍 **Note About Backend Services**

Your Analytics tab features (Prediction, Simulation, Backtesting) require a Python backend.

### Option 1: Frontend Only (Current Setup)
- Deploy just the frontend (free)
- Backend features will show error messages
- All other features work perfectly

### Option 2: Deploy with Backend (Railway/Render)
If you want the full backend functionality:

**Railway (Recommended for Backend):**
1. Visit: https://railway.app
2. Create new project → Deploy from GitHub
3. Add both services:
   - Frontend (Node.js/Vite)
   - Backend (Python/FastAPI on port 8000)
4. Connect them via environment variables

**Render:**
1. Visit: https://render.com
2. Create Web Service for backend
3. Create Static Site for frontend
4. Update API endpoint in frontend

---

## 🎯 **Quick Start (Recommended)**

**Fastest way to deploy right now:**

1. **Push to GitHub:**
   ```bash
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Visit Vercel:**
   - https://vercel.com/new
   - Import your GitHub repo
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Done! ✅

**That's it! Your app will be live in ~2 minutes.**

---

## 📊 **What You Get (Free Tier)**

| Feature | Vercel | Netlify | GitHub Pages | Cloudflare |
|---------|--------|---------|--------------|------------|
| **Bandwidth** | 100GB/mo | 100GB/mo | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| **Build Minutes** | 6,000/mo | 300/mo | Unlimited | 500/mo |
| **Custom Domain** | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| **HTTPS** | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto |
| **Deploy Time** | ~2 min | ~2 min | ~3 min | ~2 min |
| **Global CDN** | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |

---

## 🔗 **Need Help?**

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check build logs in your hosting dashboard
2. Ensure `npm run build` works locally
3. Verify `dist/` folder is generated
4. Check that all dependencies are in `package.json`

---

## ✨ **Custom Domain (Optional)**

Once deployed, you can add a custom domain:

1. Buy domain from Namecheap, Google Domains, etc.
2. In Vercel/Netlify dashboard → Settings → Domains
3. Add your domain
4. Update DNS records (instructions provided)
5. Done! Your app will be at `https://yourdomain.com`

---

**Your Terminal Pro app is ready for deployment! 🚀**

Choose any platform above and you'll be live in minutes.

Commit message:

Docs: Add Railway deployment instructions and Procfile

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# 🚀 Deployment Guide - Terminal Pro

This guide will help you deploy your Terminal Pro trading platform for **FREE** using various hosting platforms.

---

## ✅ **Recommended: Vercel (Easiest & Free)**

### Method 1: Deploy via GitHub (No CLI Required)

1. **Push your code to GitHub** (if not already done)
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Ready for deployment"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Go to Vercel**
   - Visit: https://vercel.com
   - Click "Sign Up" (use your GitHub account)

3. **Import Your Repository**
   - Click "Add New" → "Project"
   - Import your `1207` repository
   - Vercel will auto-detect Vite configuration

4. **Deploy**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Wait ~2 minutes
   - Your app will be live! 🎉

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project-name.vercel.app`

---

### Method 2: Deploy via CLI (From Your Local Machine)

```bash
# Install Vercel CLI
npm install -g vercel

# Login to Vercel
vercel login

# Deploy (from project root)
cd /path/to/1207
vercel

# Follow the prompts:
# - Set up and deploy? Yes
# - Which scope? (Select your account)
# - Link to existing project? No
# - What's your project's name? terminal-pro (or any name)
# - In which directory is your code located? ./
# - Want to modify settings? No

# For production deployment
vercel --prod
```

---

## 🌐 **Alternative: Netlify (Also Free)**

### Via GitHub Integration

1. **Go to Netlify**
   - Visit: https://netlify.com
   - Sign up with GitHub

2. **New Site from Git**
   - Click "Add new site" → "Import an existing project"
   - Choose GitHub → Select your repository

3. **Build Settings**
   - Build command: `npm run build`
   - Publish directory: `dist`
   - Click "Deploy"

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project-name.netlify.app`

### Via CLI

```bash
# Install Netlify CLI
npm install -g netlify-cli

# Login
netlify login

# Deploy
netlify deploy

# Production deploy
netlify deploy --prod
```

---

## 📄 **Alternative: GitHub Pages (100% Free)**

1. **Add deployment script to package.json:**
   ```json
   {
     "scripts": {
       "deploy": "gh-pages -d dist"
     },
     "homepage": "https://yourusername.github.io/1207"
   }
   ```

2. **Install gh-pages:**
   ```bash
   npm install -D gh-pages
   ```

3. **Build and deploy:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   npm run deploy
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings → Pages
   - Source: Deploy from branch `gh-pages`
   - Save

**Your app will be at:** `https://yourusername.github.io/1207`

---

## ⚡ **Alternative: Cloudflare Pages (Free, Fastest CDN)**

1. **Go to Cloudflare Pages**
   - Visit: https://pages.cloudflare.com
   - Sign up and connect GitHub

2. **Create Project**
   - Select your repository
   - Build settings:
     - Build command: `npm run build`
     - Build output: `dist`
   - Deploy

**Your app will be at:** `https://your-project.pages.dev`

---

## 🔧 **Important Configuration**

Your project is already configured with:
- ✅ `vercel.json` - Vercel configuration
- ✅ `dist/` output directory
- ✅ SPA routing support (all routes redirect to index.html)
- ✅ Mobile responsive design
- ✅ Production build optimizations

---

## 🐍 **Note About Backend Services**

Your Analytics tab features (Prediction, Simulation, Backtesting) require a Python backend.

### Option 1: Frontend Only (Current Setup)
- Deploy just the frontend (free)
- Backend features will show error messages
- All other features work perfectly

### Option 2: Deploy with Backend (Railway/Render)
If you want the full backend functionality:

**Railway (Recommended for Backend):**
1. Visit: https://railway.app
2. Create new project → Deploy from GitHub
3. Select this repository (`1207`)
4. Railway will auto-detect the `Procfile` and deploy.
5. **Variables**:
   - Go to "Variables" tab.
   - Add `PORT` = `8000`
   - Add `ALPHA_VANTAGE_KEY` = `your_key_here`
6. Your backend will be live at `https://your-project.up.railway.app`.
   - Update your frontend `BASE_URL` if needed (or verify cross-origin connection).

**Render:**
1. Visit: https://render.com
2. Create Web Service for backend
3. Create Static Site for frontend
4. Update API endpoint in frontend

---

## 🎯 **Quick Start (Recommended)**

**Fastest way to deploy right now:**

1. **Push to GitHub:**
   ```bash
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Visit Vercel:**
   - https://vercel.com/new
   - Import your GitHub repo
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Done! ✅

**That's it! Your app will be live in ~2 minutes.**

---

## 📊 **What You Get (Free Tier)**

| Feature | Vercel | Netlify | GitHub Pages | Cloudflare |
|---------|--------|---------|--------------|------------|
| **Bandwidth** | 100GB/mo | 100GB/mo | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| **Build Minutes** | 6,000/mo | 300/mo | Unlimited | 500/mo |
| **Custom Domain** | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| **HTTPS** | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto | ✅ Auto |
| **Deploy Time** | ~2 min | ~2 min | ~3 min | ~2 min |
| **Global CDN** | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |

---

## 🔗 **Need Help?**

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check build logs in your hosting dashboard
2. Ensure `npm run build` works locally
3. Verify `dist/` folder is generated
4. Check that all dependencies are in `package.json`

---

## ✨ **Custom Domain (Optional)**

Once deployed, you can add a custom domain:

1. Buy domain from Namecheap, Google Domains, etc.
2. In Vercel/Netlify dashboard → Settings → Domains
3. Add your domain
4. Update DNS records (instructions provided)
5. Done! Your app will be at `https://yourdomain.com`

---

**Your Terminal Pro app is ready for deployment! 🚀**

Choose any platform above and you'll be live in minutes.
